Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Intruder! Intruder!
Where are you going?
I have to go to work. You can sleep in.
Can I go to work with you instead?
Hello. everybody.
Summer vacation is almost over.
My dad is working non-stop.
so he can't always keep me company.
I'm a grown-up now.
so I don't really mind.
Let's look at a day
in the life of a handyman.
Why aren't you wearing
the steel-toe boots I got you?
You never listen to me.
Here's his tool box.
He's both talented and handsome.
Hey. Dad. make a heart with your fingers!
I'm going back to China in two days.
You don't have much time left
to make finger-hearts for me.
Come on. Dad.
Watch out for your old head injury.
You're a danger to yourself.
Hey!
How's business today. Auntie?
Let's take a look.
Business is pretty good. huh?
Stop counting and just give it to me!
Faster!
Bullying an old lady. It's outrageous!
It's not our business.
How can you survive
if you're so scared of everything?
Dad!
Maybe I shouldn't go back home.
I can just stay here and help you.
Maybe Grandma and I could move here
to be with you?
See you later.
You have to keep training.
It's for your own good.
If you cut your hair short.
you'll feel nice and cool.
No! I'll look terrible.
Sweetie.
You'll look prettier
if you cut your hair short.
Remember. it's how Auntie Mable
cut your hair last time.
You'll look great.
You liked having short hair
when you were little.
and it will make
your kung fu training easier.
No more kung fu!
My classmates already think I'm a tomboy.
No one will ever like me.
I'd rather you be able to protect yourself
than be pretty.
I can't always be around to protect you.
Exactly!
But why can't I be here with you?
I only practice kung fu
because we're practicing together.
I never even liked it.
I just want to spend time with you.
Can't you just go back to China with me?
Mom died. and you've left me. too.
Sweetie!
You never loved me!
Calm down.
She won't listen to you
even if you chase her.
Relax. I've got three daughters too.
So annoying.
Annoying.
Can you speak Chinese?
My sister was hit by a car.
and my parents aren't home.
Can you help me?
Where?
Over there.
Follow me!
My eldest daughter
always says she's so busy.
but she doesn't even have a boyfriend!
My second daughter...
I can't find her!
-This way?
-Yeah. Over there.
Slow down.
Is your leg okay?
It's fine.
Over there.
Just one?
Useless.
Dad!
What's wrong with you?
What's happening?
Dad!
Hey! What's up. man?
What's up. man?
Help! Somebody grab him!
Boss. there's a guy downstairs
with a gun!
Kill him! Kill him!
They're here! Call for backup.
Don't kill me!
I didn't know who he was!
I don't want to die!
In here!
I was just trying to help you.
Why would you set me up?
I'm asking you! Why did you do that?
Was it only because they gave you
some chocolate?
You helped them
just because of this?
They're not going to let you go.
You think they'll let you go home? Idiot!
You're the idiot!
You faked being nice
and got yourself into trouble.
It's not my fault.
Quiet!
Stop fighting!
Stop!
Don't go!
"Rainy?"
"Happy birthday. daddy."
Two bags of ice.
"Feint east. attack west..."
Get the hell out of here!
Found them?
Feint east. attack west!
There's no way out.
We won't know unless we try.
Well. don't drag me into it.
If they catch us trying to escape.
they'll torture us to death.
If we don't try. we're dead for sure.
You think I never tried? Look at my leg!
Don't you want to go home?
Don't talk to me about "home".
I've never had one!
I watched them kill my family.
If I find a way out.
you can come home with me.
You're crazy.
Stop it.
This place is so big.
We can't escape.
You idiot!
Dad!
Sorry... I'm so sorry.
I want to go back for the other kids.
There are so many of them...
still in there.
They'll be killed
and it's all my fault.
You did great. Rainy.
Where are they?
Locked in a room upstairs.
I'll take it from here.
Just go home.
okay?
We've got intruders at the Snake Pit!
Send everybody!
They're upstairs!
Uncle! We're here to help you!
Some of my friends are
still trapped upstairs.
I'll take you there.
Rainy. Wait!
You already escaped.
Why did you come back?
I don't leave friends behind.
You don't have a family.
but you can still have friends.
Let's go.
You really are an idiot!
You're all idiots!
What should we do?
How do we get down from here?
It's so high!
Tie it tight. Check the knots!
Tie it tighter!
Ready!
Let us through. we can help!
Why are you just standing there?
Save the kids!
It is the kids you should worry about!
Hurry!
-How can you do nothing?
-You cops are useless!
Cowards! Save them!
-They're just kids!
-What's wrong with you?
Come on. Your turn!
You go!
You saved me. I owe you one!
Go!
See you outside!
Go now!
Rainy!
Are you okay?
I'm okay!
Watch out!
We need a medic. Help the kids!
Don't be afraid. kid. You're safe now.
I'm just a father.
Let's go home.
Dad!
Go! Go.
Hurry!
Go!
Rainy. are you okay?
Dad!
Enough! Don't fight anymore!
-Dad!
-Uncle!
Dad!
Uncle.
We'll practice kung fu together!
Wake up!
Don't go to sleep!
Uncle. wake up! Don't die!
Dad!
-Uncle.
-Dad!
Dad!
WANG
WEI
You look very pretty.
Dad.
Will you tell me your story now?
When I first met your mother...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm